Melo Music Inc. Privacy Policy 
Effective: 5/10/2023
Melo Music Inc. (“Melo Music”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is a music sharing platform enabling creators and listeners to interact, share content, react and communicate. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose certain personal information obtained when you download or use our mobile application, (the “Mobile App”), visit our website at https://www.melomusic.app/, (the “Site”) or when you communicate with us in connection with our services (collectively, the “Services”). By using our Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information directly from you when you use our Services. We automatically collect certain information about you and your computer, mobile device, or other such device when you access, use or interact with our Services. We may also collect information about you from our partners, service providers, and other third parties, such as social media companies.
Information collected for users. When you create an account through our Mobile App, we may collect the following categories of personal information when you directly provide it to us through our Services:
Registration information such as your username, email and password;
Profile information such as your social media handles such as for Instagram or your personal URLs such as for Spotify or Apple Music; 
User generated information such as photos, images, audio, videos, comments, reactions, or any other information that you choose to provide in your profile; and
Usage activity, such as your geographic area and information about how you use the Services and interact with us.
Other personal information collected through use of the Services. We collect information automatically when you use the Services, including when you browse our Site or our Mobile App. To the extent you use certain features of the Site, such as the “Contact” or “Feedback” feature, we will collect the personal information you provide to us, which may include your name, email address, or any additional personal information that you choose to provide us.
Server logs. Server logs automatically record information and details about your online interactions with us. For example, server logs may record information about your visit to our Site on a particular time and day and collect information such as your device ID and IP address. 
Cookies. We also use cookies on the Services. Cookies are small files that are stored on your device through the Services. First-party cookies are cookies set by our Services. Third-party cookies are cookies set by external services such as Facebook. Our Site uses only first-party cookies. A cookie allows us to recognize whether you have visited before and may store user preferences and other information. For example, cookies can be used to collect or store information about your use of the Services during your current session and over time (including the pages you view and the files you download), your device’s operating system, your IP address, and your general geographic location. If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies.
Pixel tags. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon, “web bug”, clear graphics interchange format (GIF), pixel, or tag) is an image or a small string of code that may be placed in an advertisement or email. It allows companies to set or read cookies or transfer information to their servers when you load a webpage or interact with online content. For example, we or our service providers may use pixel tags to determine whether you have interacted with a specific part of our Services or whether you have opened a particular email.
SDKs and mobile advertising IDs. Our Services may include third-party software development kits (“SDKs”) that allow us and our service providers to collect information about your activity. In addition, some mobile devices come with a resettable mobile advertising ID (such as Apple’s IDFA and Google’s Advertising ID) that, like cookies and pixel tags, allow us and our service providers to identify your mobile device over time for advertising purposes.
Third-party plugins. Our Services may include plugins from other companies, including social media companies. These plugins may collect information, such as information about the pages you visit, and share it with the company that created the plugin even if you do not click on the plugin. These third-party plugins are governed by the privacy policies and terms of the companies that created them.
Third-party online tracking and behavioral advertising. We also may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use some of the personal and other information described in this section. For example, we may allow third parties to set pixels and mobile advertising IDs through the Services. This information may be used for a variety of purposes, including Site and Mobile App analytics, as discussed below (see the section entitled “With Whom and Why We Share Your Information”).
Aggregated and deidentified information. From time to time, we may also aggregate or de-identify information about your use of our Services, such as the pages you visit or your transactions, and share that information with third parties. Such aggregated information will not identify you personally.
How We Use and Process Your Information
Melo Music uses the information that we collect for a variety of purposes. Our legal bases for processing your personal information are: 1) our legitimate interest in running and maintaining our business; 2) performance and fulfillment of our contracts; 3) your consent; and 4) compliance with our legal obligations. In many instances, more than one of these legal bases apply to the processing of your personal information. 
The primary purpose for which we collect information is to provide you with our Services. Other purposes for which we use your information include to:
Provide you with the Services, including to provide you access to our content, and to administer our platform;
Respond to your inquiries and provide you with technical support;
Improve and personalize our Services, collect analytics, optimize our platform, and your user experience;
Serve advertisements and market our Services; 
Market and recommend clubs or offers that we believe may interest you;
Measure the effectiveness of our advertisements and the messages that we send;
Aggregate and de-identify information and profile data;
Communicate with you through our social media plugins or our Site; 
Comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements; and
Manage our business.
With Whom and Why We Share Your Information
We share your information with other parties for a variety of purposes related to the operation of our business, as described below.
Other users. When you share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas of our Services, such information may be viewed by all users. You may also share information directly with other users through the Services (such as by messaging other users or by commenting on their posts). 
Third-party service providers. Melo Music also uses third-party service providers that perform services on our behalf, including web-hosting companies, application stores, IT infrastructure and support, marketing, analytics providers and other similar services. These service providers may collect and/or use your information, including information that identifies you personally, to assist us in achieving the purposes discussed above.
Analytics. We partner with certain third parties to obtain the automatically collected information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. In particular, the Mobile App uses Google Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics here.
Interest-based advertising. The Services also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect information about you and your computing devices for use in online interest-based advertising. For example, third parties, such as Facebook, may use the fact that you visited our Site or Mobile App to target online ads to you about our Services. In addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of our Services to help target advertisements based on your mobile activity in general. For information about interest-based advertising practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or the Digital Advertising Alliance website.
The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this Policy. If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer or other device, you may set your browser to block cookies. Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out here, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by opting out here. Although our Services currently do not respond to “do not track” browser headers, you can limit tracking through these third-party programs and by taking the other steps discussed above.
If you use the Services through your mobile device, you may also opt-out of interest-based by adjusting the advertising preferences on your mobile device. You may further opt out for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance's AppChoices tool by downloading it here and following the instructions on the website.
Legal purposes. We also may use or share your information with third parties, including government agencies or other regulatory bodies and law enforcement officials, when we believe, in our sole discretion, that doing so is necessary:
To comply with applicable law, including, a court order, subpoena, or other legal process or otherwise cooperate with appropriate law enforcement or regulatory investigations;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms and conditions, or situations involving threats to our property or the property or physical safety of any person or third party;
To establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or
To facilitate the financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets.
Your Rights and Choices
If you would like to update, delete, or change your information, you may contact us anytime at support@melomusic.app.
If you receive an email from us about a product or service, you may unsubscribe to future emails about that product or service by following the instructions in the email message. You may also opt out by emailing us at support@melomusic.app.
If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or another jurisdiction with an applicable data privacy law, you have various rights in relation to your personal information, including: 
Right to access. You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. 
Right to rectification. You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information that you believe is inaccurate. 
Right to restrict processing. You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Right to erasure. You have the right to ask that we delete your personal information. We are not obliged to do so in the event that we need to retain such data in order to comply with legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Right to data portability. For personal information that you have given us, you have the right to ask that we transfer such information to another organization or ask for such information in machine readable format.
Right to object to processing. You have the right to oppose processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Right to withdraw consent. If you have consented to our processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws. The EU Commission provides a list of supervisory authorities here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.

For your privacy and security, we may require verification of your identity before responding to your request(s). 
External Links
Our Services may contain links to third-party websites. If you use these links, you will leave our Services. We have not reviewed these third-party sites and do not control and are not responsible for any of these sites, their content, or their privacy policy. Thus, we do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software, or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites listed on our website, you do so at your own risk.
Data Security
We employ physical, technical, and administrative procedures to safeguard the personal information we collect online. However, no website or platform is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the Services, and you transmit such information at your own risk.
Data Retention
We retain personal information about you necessary to fulfill the purpose for which that information was collected, as specifically limited by the policies outlined above, or as required or permitted by law. We do not retain personal information longer than is necessary for us to achieve the purposes for which we collected it. When we destroy your personal information, we do so in a way that prevents that information from being restored or reconstructed.
International Transfers 
The information that we collect through or in connection with the Services is transferred to and processed in the United States for the purposes described above. We may also subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. The data-protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. We comply with all applicable laws when transferring your data from one jurisdiction to another. By using the Services or by providing any personal or other information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing.
Children
Our Services are directed at individuals over the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that his or her child under the age of 13 is using our Services, or has provided us with any personally identifiable information, such parent should contact us at [support@melomusic.app]. We will promptly delete such information, along with the child’s registered account.
Updates to this Policy
Melo Music reserves the right to modify its Policy at any time, for any reason. Melo Music will post all such changes on the Site or Mobile App. We encourage you to review this page periodically to review the current Policy in effect.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, you can contact us by sending us an at [support@melomusic.app]. 
